What is a network? A network is a group of computers connected either through physical or wireless links. 


What is the internet? The internet is the global system of underground and underwater fiber optic cables which link major server centers around the globe. 


What is an IP address? An IP address is a unique number assigned to each client connected to any network.


What is a router? A router is a specialized computer whose function is to guide packets directly and efficiently between clients and servers. 


What is an ISP? An ISP is a company that owns and manages special routers which are connected to both each other and other ISP's routers. 


What are packets? How are they used to transfer data? Packets are the small chunks of information that webpages are broken down into in order
  to be efficiently routed over the Web. They consist of headers, a payload, and footers.


What is a client? Any device that connects to the Internet indirectly, such as through an ISP. These use DSL to accesss webpages stored on servers. 


What is a server? A powerful 'storehouse' computer which hosts webpages and is connected physically to the Internet. Clients access copies 
  of the webpages stored on servers. 


What is a web page? A web page is a file stored on a server's solid state drive (SSD). These files are complex to read, consisting of HTML, CSS, JavaScript 
  and other files which define the form of the website. 


What is a web server? A web server is a specific computer that hosts multiple web pages on the Internet. 


What is a web browser? A web browser is computer software which queries and displays web pages on a client computer. 


What is a search engine? A search engine is a web service (like EMAIL, VOIP or IRC) which helps you find web pages. 


What is a DNS request? A DNS request is sent to a DNS server by a browser on the client computer searching for the IP address of a given domain name. 


Which browser are you currently using? Firefox. 


In your own words, explain what happens when you run a search on google.com. When you run a search on google.com, 
  google searches through an index of all the unique locations that webpages are found on the internet. 
